Feat pasture cover documentation (#38)
Pure-Farming/Documentation: docs/resource-types/crops/load-receival.md

| **Feature Id** | The identifier for the Feature that this load receival is linked to | UUID |
| **Holding** | The Holding that this load receival is linked to | [Feature](/resource-types/common.md/#feature)  |
| **Holding Id** | The Identifier for the Holding | UUID |

> |**Observation Date**|UTC Date and time the load-receival was taken.|DateTime|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|**Observation Date**|UTC date and time the load was received.|DateTime|
```
